# ChatGPT generated summary of all modules

## Module docker/slingstarter
Purpose: Creates a docker image with JDK 11 and a plain sling launchpad with debugging and JMX capability, using a maven build to copy the sling starter into target/lib/ with some preparations and scripts. This is used for testing and can be further built upon.
Description: The Dockerfile builds a docker image with the name composum/slingstarter. It also contains docker-compose files for testing. The module copies the sling starter dependencies into the target/lib directory and provides files to be installed when the docker image is started.
Artifact: composum-launcher-docker-slingstarter
Dependencies: composum-launcher-feature-integrationtest, composum-launcher-feature-felixcontainer
Docker: builds composum/slingstarter from openjdk:17.


## Module docker/slingstarter-stepwisedeploy
Purpose: Create a docker image for stepwise deployment of packages within sling starter from a docker image to avoid problems with dependencies between them.
Description: The module builds a docker image with the name composum/slingstarter-stepwisedeploy. It contains a basic Sling Starter image with some basic scripts to fire up docker images with installed modules.
Artifact: composum-launcher-slingstarter-stepwisedeploy
Dependencies: composum-launcher-docker-slingstarter
Docker: builds composum/slingstarter-stepwisedeploy from composum/slingstarter


## Module docker/composumnodes
Purpose: Creates a docker image from sling starter with updated Composum Core version 1 (incl. Package manager and User mgmt) and some basic scripts to fire up docker images with installed modules. The module extends slingstarter-stepwisedeploy to replace the integrated composum core v1.x version with the newest version of Composum Nodes (v2.x).
Artifact: composum-launcher-composumnodes
Dependencies: composum-launcher-slingstarter-stepwisedeploy, composum-launcher-feature-integrationtest
Docker: builds composum/nodes from composum/slingstarter-stepwisedeploy
Other:
- The docker image is built using a Dockerfile and the docker-maven-plugin in the pom.xml.
- The pom.xml uses the maven-dependency-plugin to copy the Composum Nodes bundles from the maven repository to the target/lib/ directory of the docker image.


## Module composum-launcher-pages
Purpose: The module contains launchers with Pages and its prerequisites Core and Platform.  
Artifact: composum-launcher-pages  
Dependencies: composum-launcher-composumnodes, composum-launcher-feature-integrationtest  
Docker: The docker image name built is specified in the pom.xml docker-maven-plugin configuration. It produces a docker image.


## Module pages/docker
Purpose: Create a docker image from sling starter with updated Composum Core (incl. Package manager and User mgmt) and Composum Platform and Pages. Basically all released public parts of Composum.
Description: The module builds a docker image with the name composum/pages. It also copies the maven dependencies of the sling starter into target/lib directory of the docker image.
Artifact: composum-launcher-pages-docker
Dependencies: composum-launcher-composumnodes, composum-launcher-feature-integrationtest
Docker: builds composum/pages from composum/nodes


## Module pages/starter
Purpose: Provides a Sling Starter with Composum Nodes, Platform, Pages and Assets.
Description: The module includes a Maven POM file that configures the Sling Starter with Composum Nodes, Platform, Pages and Assets. It also includes a Slingstart Maven Plugin that prepares and packages the application into a war file. There is no dockerization directly associated with this module.
Artifact: composum-launcher-pages-starter
Dependencies: composum-launcher-composumnodes, composum-launcher-feature-integrationtest
Docker: N/A


## Module feature/sling-starter-copy

Purpose: Reduced copy of Apache Sling Starter Application
Description: A copy of the the Sling Starter demo application. It contains a copy of most of Sling Starter but cleaned
up somewhat with optional things like slingshot and htl repl. This is just for IST internal use.


